[Music]
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction
are you muscle field i am indeed
that is in fact written memory
to be honest i didn't know anything
about david copperfield
and when i first got the email from my
agents at quick glance i thought it was
about the magician
i'm david copperfield you're my aunt
i've got a garden fork charles dickens
always said it was his favorite
of his books wash him janet just run the
ball david copperfield does resonate
most closely with dick into their own
life
and with his own experience this is
copperfield he's new it's a
coming-of-age
journey it's about someone who is trying
to
find his way in life i'm in love really
utterly
and i can relate to that as a human
being and i'm sure millions of others
can
what are you doing medicine reviving you
this is salad dressing
is it i thought it was armagnac and
action
i'm a huge dickens fan i reread david
copperfield about five or six years ago
and as i read it i thought i want to
make this as a movie
are you expecting visitors
it's the drama and the humor and
the personalities that is prison awaits
it's constantly moving
and engaging i'm ruined i have no money
it's one of my favorite books
he's very good at funny dickens but he's
also really good at nightmare
you can't take something from someone
who has nothing it's these fluctuating
fortunes of the characters which is
really fascinating to observe and it
will forever be relevant so i think the
movie is for everyone
this is a remarkable day i think young
people will identify with that whole
business of growing up
and adults too i think we'll see how as
you get older you make mistakes and
you're trying to work out where you're
going in life
so i would love whole families to come
and see and each generation to get
something out of it
donkeys show show come on
on your way i'll turn your hide and put
you in a stew
[Music]
you